Hi
Hi there. How can I help you ?
Hello
Hello there. How can I help you?
Hi there
Hi
Hello there
Hello, how can I help you ?
please login to my bank details
Ok sure. I can do that for you.
My balance was 15000 amount but it is showing 12000 amount, why ?
I will check that immediately and let you know the reason.
I want to know my bank details.
Here are your bank details.
Can I track the accounts of my family members from one device?
User can only view/access his own account or jointly held account with others such as family members
I have savings as well as current account with Open Finance, which of the two will be synchronized to the application?
Both the accounts will be synchronized to the mobile application.
How can I inquire about my deposit balance?
Your combined deposit account balance will be instantly displayed once you click "My Deposit" section.You can also view the details of your individual deposit account such as the interest rate, maturity date etc by clicking the respective  deposit account number in "My Deposit" section.
Can I pay someone else's bill? 
Yes, you can pay someone else's bill. To do so you will have to add the Biller Specific Details of the person whose bill is to be paid. 
Is there any upper limit?
You can also fix an upper limit for payments. Bills within this specified limit will get automatically processed for payment whenever they are due.
What if bill amount is greater than autopay amount set?
Each bill for amount greater than the specified can only be paid against your specific authority
What are the consequences of not paying a bill that is presented to me? 
We will not be able to make a payment to the biller unless you specifically authorise a payment. You could provide this authorisation online either on a case-to-case basis or through the AutoPay feature in respect of bills within the upper limit fixed by you. Accordingly, should you not pay a bill that is presented to you the specific Terms of Service (Terms & Conditions) laid down by biller for late or non-payment of bill could become applicable. 
What happens if I have a dispute with a Biller on the bills paid over Bill Payment (Digital Bank)? 
The Bank shall assist you in every possible manner to provide you with information on the bills presented and payments that you have made. However, please note that the Bank is not responsible for settling disputes between the biller and you relating to the bill payments. For any specific charge that you might wish to dispute or discuss in a specific bill, you would need to contact the biller directly. 
Can I perform transaction from other accounts
Dear Customer, if more than one transaction account are operative, then you can perform transaction, but please note that on maturity the proceeds will only be credited to the account from where funds debited initially. 
Can I select more than one nominee
No, it is not permissible.
On editing nominee, can I go for Nominee who is not relative
No, it is not allowed.
On closure of FD , I want to credit the proceeds to different account than my saving account
On closure of FD the proceeds will be only be credited to the account from which funding was made. Credit to different account is not allowed on this platform.
I was reviewing the close FD page and unknowingly clicked on Confirm. Immediately I got the POP up regarding closure of FD, Can I reverse the close FD ?
No, once you confirmed the action your FD account is closed, it is not reversible. You may opt for create new Fixed deposit for new FD
At any stage in any steps in creation of fixed deposit, I decide not to  create it. What should I do?
You can cancel at any step in between through the close menu, you will land on account overview my deposit page.
Earlier I have closed the process of creating fixed deposit, can I resume from the step where I closed?
No, but you can start create fixed deposit process its easy and step by step assisted process.
What is Hide nominee option, what is its importance?
This option is given to facilitate if the customer wants to hide nominee name on term deposit advice. 
What are the types of accounts from which I can debit an amount for the deposit? 
You can debit a savings, current, or OD account to open term deposit. The account selected for debiting should be valid transactional a/c through Internet Banking channel and should not be a stopped / dormant / locked account.
Does customer needs to have the registered mobile number for registering the app?
Yes, customer needs to register the Lotus app with the registered mobile number that is mapped to customer's internet banking, savings account and debit card/atm card.
How to proceed for app registration?
User must click on "Go To Your Account" to proceed with App Registration process
Can I register the app without Internet Banking and Account/Debit card details?
User cannot register without one of Internet Banking or Debit Card details
Can I register the app using Internet Banking but INB credentials are not active or incorrect
User must approach the branch for requesting a reset of INB credentials
Can I enter alphanumeric values as mPIN?
User cannot use an alphanumeric value as mPIN, he/she is shown a numeric keypad. User must mandatorily enter 6 digits as mPIN
Which debit card must a customer use to register?
User must choose the debit card & account number which is mapped to the mobile number. The same mobile number must be used in the device where the app is being registered
Can I proceed ahead without uploading the image of the Dream?
Yes. You can create a Dream without a image of the Dream or else can add later on.
Can I choose the account from which the Dream should be funded?
You can select one of the transactions account when you are funding the Dream.
Can I fund the Dream anytime/multiple times in a month?
No. In phase I, we are re-using the RD product. Hence the monthly amount will be deducted on the day chosen by you.
Can I edit the account from which the monthly contribution is debited?
You can edit the account only while funding the dream. Once the funding is completed, you cannot edit the account.
Where can I choose the day of funding the Dream?
You can choose the day of funding the Dream on 'Add Funds' screen.
While funding the Dream, where can I check the interest rate offered by bank?
You can check the same on the review page. In phase I, we are re-using the RD product. The interest rate rules will be the same as that of RD.
From where can I close the Dream?
You can close the Dream by clicking on 'Close Dream' button on Dream details page. 
Can senior citizen avail additional rate of interest on recurring deposit? 
e-RD with additional rate of interest for Senior Citizens will be issued if option for "Senior Citizen" is selected by the customer and age of customer is 60 Yrs or above, on the date of creating the recurring deposit, as per date of birth recorded with the Bank. The minimum tenure and minimum amount applicable for additional rate of interest for senior citizen will be as per Bank's policy.
How TDS will be calculated for e-RD? 
The RD account is subject to TDS.
Will I have different QR Codes for Different accounts or different VPAs?
User can create multiple QR codes for an account. User has to select a unique VPA to be mapped to that QR code.
Can I change my Primary account multiple times?
Yes. But user must ensure that this account has transactional rights
Can I avail Overdraft against TSFD like other FD
No, you can not avail any loan against TSFD
Will TSFD get renewed automatically ?
No, it is not getting auto renewed. The maturity proceeds will be credited to your account
Can I close my e-TDR/e-STDR under Tax Saving Scheme through Internet banking ?
No. Pre-mature closure of e-TDR/e-STDR under tax saving scheme is not allowed during the lock-in period. 
Can I set the maturity instruction for e-TDR/e-STDR under Tax Saving Scheme through Internet banking?
The default maturity instruction will be "Repay Principal and Interest" and at maturity proceeds will be credited to your account which was used for funding the deposit.
Can I open online term deposit a/c in any other name(s), not belonging to debit a/c from which term deposit a/c is funded ?
No, you may contact the branch for the same.
Can senior citizen avail additional rate of interest on term deposit under Tax Saving Scheme?
Yes, Senior citizen can avail additional rate of interest in e-TDR/e-STDR under Tax Saving Scheme by exercising the relevant option. The date of birth in Bank's record will be considered for age validation. The minimum days and minimum amount applicable for additional rate of interest for senior citizen will be as per Bank's policy. In case of joint accounts, the Senior Citizen benefit can be availed only if the first account holder qualifies for this benefit.
Why am I not able to request statement beyond 2 years?
Statement can only be requested upto 2 years.
How to search any past transaction?
You can search using any relevant criteria such as amount, date, POS details etc. for transaction made within last two years. Open Finance Digital Bank mobile platform have smart search option which can fetch your related transaction data based on your input.
Can I search a transaction I made three years ago?
For any transaction made not within last two years, users have to visit respective branch to get the relevant information.
If I create a new category, will it automatically show on my Internet, Tablet and Mobile Banking?
Yes, if you create a new category on either your Internet or Tablet banking, it will show across all of your online banking options
Why I am not able to select loan amount below 25000?
Minimum loan amount for this product is 25000.
Why I am not able to select loan tenure below 6 month?
Minimum loan tenure for this product is 6 months.
What if I want loan for higher amount and longer duration?.
Under this scheme maximum loan is Rs.1,00,000/- & maximum tenor is 12 months. We are also having other loan products to suit your needs. We can suggest a suitable scheme if you provide some details. 
Is the Interest rate fixed or floating?
Interest rate is fixed for the entire tenure of the Loan.
Can I get credit of loan amount in Account other than mentioned on the screen?
Amount will be credited to your stated Account only. You can however, transfer these funds to your any other Account through our Fund Transfer facility, Net Banking facility, RTGS, etc.
Can I select my EMI amount?
You can select a combination of loan amount & tenure to suit your EMI 
If I Pay some Lumpsum amount, will my EMI reduce?
No
I have not received any letter asking my confirmation
This letter is sent to the Borrowers with loan of more than Rs. 75,000/-
Can I avail 2 Pre-approved Loans (e.g. if the eligibility is 1,00,000/- can I take  2 loans of Rs.50,000/-, one now & other Next month)?
No. This loan can be availed only once for the full eligibility.
Can I enter a mobile number other than the one used for downloading the app.
No. The same mobile number needs to be used
I have not received OTP
Please try the resend OTP option
Can FATCA status be updated later?
Yes, you need to approach your branch
What happens if there is a spelling mistake in my name printed on Aadhaar card?
Please do the rectification at UIDAI
My mobile camera not working. What to do?
Please visit your nearest branch to open your account
Details fetched from Adhaar card not matching. What to do??No. This loan can be availed only once for the full eligibility.
Please do the rectification at UIDAI
Pin code shows different address. What to do ?Please do the rectification at UIDAI
Please do the rectification at UIDAI
I am a diploma holder. What to choose in education qualifications
Please choose SSC/HSC
I want to use an INTOUCH located in some other city/state for issuance of debit card. Can I do so??
Yes, you can use it.
Does generation of Reference number mean that my account has been opened.
No. The account will only be opened when you visit the branch and Biometric verifications is complete.
Special Discounts for OPEN FINANCE Customers not applied as the offer displayed in the app.
We regret the inconvenience. Please try again.
I am unable to add products to my wishlist
Please try adding your product again to the wishlist. If the issue persist, please mail your queries to …….@Open Finance.co.in
Special Discounts for OPEN FINANCE Customers not applied as the offer displayed in the app.
We regret the inconvenience. Please try again.
My session expired. What do I do now?
We regret the inconvenience. Please try after sometime.
Merchant site is not responding.
We regret the inconvenience. Please try after sometime.
The selected product is stocked out.
We regret the inconvenience. Please contact the Merchant customer care.
The product is available cheaper at a different merchant site. Why is the merchant detail not available on your platform?
We thank you for your feedback. The Merchants on OPEN FINANCE platform offer wide variety of products. You may find more products on our OMP.
The product description is different from the display
We regret the inconvenience. Please call the merchant Customer care for any queries regarding the product.
I could not find ‘X’ Merchant in OMP?
We thank you for your feedback. The existing Merchants on OPEN FINANCE platform offer wide variety of products. You would find more merchants offering their products on our OMP soon.
I am unable to add products to my wishlist
Please try adding your product again to the wishlist. If the issue persists, please mail your queries to support(at)openfinance.co.in
My payment did not go through. What do I do?
We regret the inconvenience. Please call the merchant Customer care for any payment related queries.
My bank account got debited twice. Whom do I contact?
We regret the inconvenience. Please call the merchant Customer care for any payment related queries.
My account got debited, merchant claims non-receipt of money.
We regret the inconvenience. Please call the merchant Customer care for any payment related queries.
My transaction failed. Whom can I contact?
Please refer to merchant portal to track transaction history, failed transactions, refund etc. However, if the payment is done by an OPEN FINANCE payment instrument like OPEN FINANCE Debit Card, OPEN FINANCE Credit Card, etc., you can check the transaction history in the OPEN FINANCE OMP app.
Cashback as displayed not received.
Please contact the Merchant Customer Care for queries related to payment and product.
Discounts as displayed not applied at the merchant's site.
The discounts are customized exclusive for you and the same would be applied on redirection to the Merchant site. Please contact the Merchant Customer Care for more details.
My beneficiary's account is not yet credited with the amount I have transferred
Please use 'raise a query' option available in support section in the app using your transaction reference number. You could also track your query from time to time. You can now browse our 'Discover our features' videos available in support section of our app for a demo of various features available in our app.
From the list of beneficiaries, I am not able to see the name of beneficiary I have added earlier
Please use 'raise a query' option available in support section in the app. You could also track your query from time to time. You can now browse our 'Discover our features' videos available in support section of our app for a demo of various features available in our app.
I tried looking for the IFSC code of HDFC, Lower parel branch. It is not appearing in the search result.
You can do a smart search for the IFSC code using name of the bank/branch/area/pincode. We strive to keep our records updated, and is subject to the data available from the respective banks. Please refer to the website of the beneficiary bank in case of any difficulty in identifying the IFSC code.You can now browse our 'Discover our features' videos available in support section of our app for a demo of various features available in our app.
I have transferred an amount of Rs.XXX to a beneficiary. However, the same has been rejected and credited back to my account. What could be the reason?
The reason for reversal of funds into your account could be incorrect beneficiary details entered. kindly check and confirm the beneficiary details before re-initiating the transaction.You can now browse our 'Discover our features' videos available in support section of our app for a demo of various features available in our app.
What if I don’t have a virtual payment address. App is not allowing me to transfer funds using UPI since I don’t have a VPA
If you choose to transfer funds using VPA, you need to have a VPA of your own. Virtual payment address(VPA) is an ID, which a user creates by linking his/her accounts to a bank's mobile application. You can create your VPA ID by using Android app 'Open Finance Pay', available in Google playstore. You can now browse our 'Discover our features' videos available in support section of our app for a demo of various features available in our app.
If a transaction is not credited to the beneficiary account, does the remitter get back the money?
Yes. If the beneficiary's bank is unable to credit the beneficiary's account for any reason, the former will return the money to the remitting bank within 2 hours. Once the amount is received by the remitting bank, it is credited to the remitter's account by the branch concerned.
What should be done if customer does not find old transaction on the screen?
Please use smart search option for old transaction using date /amount/tag etc. 
What should be done if customer does not find transaction older than 3 years?
Please contact branch and put request for older transaction Or your request will be taken by us  and will be forwarded to our specialized team/Branch for resolution 
Customer says money got dispensed but account not updated. Where should the request be put in raise query?
Please select "others" option and write details in space provided and submit 
Customer do not understand the narration in transaction like Bulk posting/Correction posting/other banking jargons
Please select the transaction by clicking on it and popup will appear for selecting the option.If related transaction not found then can select "others" option and write details in space provided and submit 
Customer raised the query but don’t know what happened next
Dear Customer, please select Track Query option to get the status update and reply to your query
Customer raised the query but don't Track ID 
Dear Customer, you can smart search by using your details for tracking the  query
What to do if there is discrepancy in last login information?
User may raise a query using the hamburger menu > Support and the support team will take necessary action to clarify user on last login details
My Occupation is not given in the list. What should I do?
Select Others and then write details
I am not able to upload my image.
To be discussed with technical team, but what happened actually? Can you please elaborate?
Is it possible to access my account from here?
Yes it is possible.
What systems are you using ?
I use Ubuntu Linux.
How securely is the transactions done ?
It is very secure. You can definitely rely on us.
How do you calculate the interest rate ?
It is very simple. We perform compound interest formulas for the same.
Very nice. I am happy to know all about it.
No problem, it is our duty to serve your purposes.
What else can you do for me ?
I can do a lot more than just assisting. Sometimes I can entertain you with funny stuff, just for fun.
Oh well, nice of you.
Thank you
Why do you think your bank is the best ?
It is always a matter of perspective, we always try to perform better business than other in terms of customer care and benefits.
How much do you value customers?
Customers are our very first priority. 
Good to know that you like customers like us.
We always respect and value customers. This is our main motto. 
You say that you value customers but there are many instances where the customers have been cheated. Why is it so ?
Those might be very rare case but if such cases are noticed we will always try to understand why such things happened.
I am really mad at you. 
Oh I am sorry, I did not intend to make you angry. 
Can we use this ATM in any city in Germany ?
Yes you can do that.
How many ATMs are there in Germany ? 
We have more than 5000 for our bank.
Why do you charge money for using your bank ?
It is the fees you need to pay for our service.
Why do you provide very low interest rate ?
These rules are country specific and depends on type of your bank accounts. 
I am a student. Can I open an account in your bank ?
Yes, we provide special offers for student accounts. Please contact our customer service for the offer.
Is there validity for my account in your bank ?
Yes there is the validity. Please check out website for that. Here is the link : www.xxxxxx.de
You helpmed me so much. Thank you for that.
No problem, I am here for helping you. 
What is your name ?
Please call me MARIA, your intelligent assistant. 
You have a nice name MARIA. 
Oh, you like my name. Thank you for that. My boss will be happy because he named me MARIA. 
What are your experiences in banking ?
Quite a lot and not enough time to tell you about it. Hehe. 
